add video streaming info to readme (#371)
smartdevicelink/generic_hmi: README.md

chromium-browser generic_hmi/build/index.html
```

> ### PTU w/ Vehicle Modem & Video Streaming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### HMI Backend
```

> The generic_hmi includes an additional component that is required for in browser video streaming or policy table updates using the vehicle modem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generic_hmi includes an additional backend component that is required for some features, such as in-browser video streaming and policy table updates using the vehicle modem.
```

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

> You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

Author: i used the github.com markdown editor and it added a newline after this text, the content is unchanged
